Pattern, Target, Solution size, Nodes, Cut branches, Conflicts, Elapsed time, Best time
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g10, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g11, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g12, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g13, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g14, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g15, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g16, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g110, 64, 598104, 480669, 357304, 9344, 8650
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g79, 64, 37884, 21668, 5757, 126, 118
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g78, 64, 2103552, 1314736, 548513, 5887, 5881
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g83, 64, 1207, 1143, 0, 63, 42
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g17, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g83, 64, 1210, 1146, 5, 30, 20
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g18, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g19, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g101, 10, 2279, 2262, 34, 152, 99
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g103, 10, 2283, 2273, 9, 155, 99
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g102, 10, 2325, 2306, 62, 252, 194
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g104, 10, 3415, 3397, 1008, 385, 262
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g105, 10, 4122, 3973, 1450, 391, 266
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g107, 10, 4610, 4600, 1241, 698, 494
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g106, 10, 4637, 4627, 450, 709, 490
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g108, 10, 4986, 4976, 1312, 864, 648
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g109, 10, 5870, 5714, 491, 876, 665
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g110, 10, 5677, 5667, 19, 1052, 768
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g52, 10, 377, 361, 72, 1, 0
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g53, 10, 252, 240, 14, 1, 0
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g54, 10, 377, 367, 36, 2, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g55, 10, 356, 346, 7, 2, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g56, 10, 387, 377, 33, 2, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g51, 10, 2811, 2365, 1809, 5, 5
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g58, 10, 433, 402, 238, 4, 3
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g57, 7, 280308, 248256, 217067, 571, 2
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g111, 10, 5901, 5891, 1460, 878, 602
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g112, 10, 10627, 10009, 3138, 1248, 834
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, 10, 466, 447, 272, 2, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, 10, 433, 402, 238, 2, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g59, 10, 466, 447, 272, 3, 2
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g60, 10, 520, 488, 193, 2, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, 10, 520, 488, 193, 2, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g62, 10, 710, 693, 141, 5, 3
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g61, 10, 520, 469, 74, 6, 4
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g64, 10, 992, 941, 150, 7, 3
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g63, 10, 539, 528, 13, 6, 4
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g65, 10, 528, 518, 6, 8, 6
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, 10, 364, 354, 6, 4, 3
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g67, 10, 511, 501, 3, 6, 4
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g70, 10, 786, 694, 165, 7, 5
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g69, 10, 566, 552, 13, 8, 6
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g66, 10, 364, 354, 6, 8, 6
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g71, 10, 583, 569, 17, 8, 6
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g73, 10, 988, 947, 453, 10, 7
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g72, 10, 715, 678, 575, 12, 10
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g68, 10, 622, 612, 7, 12, 7
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, 10, 988, 947, 453, 15, 12
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g75, 10, 1176, 1119, 362, 12, 7
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g78, 10, 754, 744, 5, 11, 7
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g79, 10, 855, 845, 26, 16, 11
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g74, 10, 2356, 2223, 1420, 24, 18
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g82, 10, 1132, 1120, 31, 28, 19
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g80, 9, 6246, 4542, 2465, 37, 21
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g81, 10, 1132, 1120, 31, 38, 29
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, 10, 1132, 1120, 31, 51, 35
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g76, 10, 1683723, 1659332, 1651333, 2067, 2061
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g88, 10, 1185, 1175, 42, 33, 23
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g87, 10, 1197, 1186, 53, 33, 23
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g84, 10, 1546, 1536, 1, 37, 22
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g83, 10, 1098, 1088, 5, 46, 37
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g89, 10, 1269, 1224, 77, 49, 39
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g90, 10, 1559, 1537, 54, 55, 39
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g85, 10, 17319, 11888, 5416, 65, 55
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, 10, 17283, 11862, 5402, 64, 55
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g91, 10, 1715, 1705, 164, 76, 57
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g86, 10, 17283, 11862, 5402, 81, 72
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g94, 10, 1935, 1923, 11, 96, 66
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g96, 10, 2122, 2086, 1194, 113, 81
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g98, 10, 2103, 2085, 869, 113, 81
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g97, 10, 3149, 2768, 1525, 117, 85
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g92, 10, 2031, 1983, 248, 124, 96
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g95, 10, 2057, 2045, 1302, 153, 123
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g93, 10, 3153, 3143, 0, 123, 71
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g99, 10, 2103, 2085, 869, 183, 141
data/largerLV/patterns/g2, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, 10, 3153, 3143, 0, 174, 122
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g20, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g72, 9, 3380943, 2592612, 2460760, 8347, 118
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g21, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g22, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g23, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g63, 75, 1184304, 925820, 652129, 1469, 1458
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g73, 75, 127458, 125392, 56009, 870, 806
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, 75, 127458, 125392, 56009, 880, 816
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g24, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g25, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g26, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g27, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g28, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g29, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g51, 8, 37400, 29125, 23014, 38, 0
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g58, 8, 69483, 53204, 40746, 86, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g57, 6, 111581, 102117, 92971, 424, 5
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g53, 7, 373275, 304948, 275701, 541, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g52, 7, 1105501, 914068, 774624, 1272, 0
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g64, 10, 17377, 14668, 11405, 47, 42
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g59, 8, 42907, 32852, 25202, 60, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, 8, 42907, 32852, 25202, 83, 2
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, 8, 69483, 53204, 40746, 147, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, 9, 146332, 114456, 82562, 214, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g60, 9, 146332, 114456, 82562, 214, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g61, 7, 441296, 305826, 237939, 562, 2
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g65, 9, 4956182, 4362365, 3768701, 5011, 9
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g68, 10, 558, 548, 16, 12, 7
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g72, 8, 17211, 12990, 9957, 64, 11
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g70, 7, 184046, 119234, 83226, 288, 5
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g73, 9, 222506, 180684, 138826, 348, 6
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, 9, 222506, 180684, 138826, 354, 12
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g66, 9, 786394, 668261, 550178, 815, 4
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, 9, 786394, 668261, 550178, 841, 7
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g69, 7, 844558, 577652, 417819, 1263, 4
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g71, 7, 914615, 628173, 453172, 1353, 4
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g67, 7, 7826676, 6420729, 5820580, 7011, 4
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g80, 7, 19745, 13409, 10880, 75, 15
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g86, 7, 669495, 417494, 277948, 2104, 20
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, 7, 669495, 417494, 277948, 2343, 20
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g91, 8, 289074, 199716, 138135, 2435, 114
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g85, 7, 665450, 415916, 278322, 2819, 38
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g89, 7, 2657535, 1927117, 1556922, 6532, 22
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g93, 10, 26051, 21829, 14719, 237, 166
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, 10, 26051, 21829, 14719, 387, 276
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g95, 7, 192711, 132681, 102661, 1370, 93
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g97, 7, 265888, 181436, 134992, 1808, 94
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g96, 7, 302846, 210129, 161400, 1886, 94
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g92, 8, 329643, 228406, 160740, 2058, 118
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g99, 7, 815918, 577804, 446087, 4016, 94
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g98, 7, 813261, 575670, 444210, 4125, 180
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g3, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g30, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g31, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g57, 4, 1304275, 990674, 985915, 2326, 3
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g52, 2, 4071313, 3401777, 3401216, 4864, 0
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g53, 8, 6928824, 6346918, 6346368, 9086, 0
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g80, 4, 774726, 644260, 644220, 2255, 15
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g97, 9, 630029, 588071, 588025, 4985, 90
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g96, 7, 2157435, 1934416, 1934306, 9889, 181
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g32, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g33, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g109, 120, 5340, 5220, 34, 928, 647
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g34, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g35, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g36, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g37, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g67, 107, 997871, 860885, 642809, 3085, 1356
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g38, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g61, 121, 579, 458, 64, 4, 3
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g100, 2, 230409, 158977, 156992, 1271, 171
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g39, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g105, 10, 3400, 3390, 2920, 390, 264
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g104, 10, 3383, 3373, 2904, 599, 475
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g108, 10, 4937, 4927, 4084, 870, 596
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g107, 10, 4564, 4554, 3799, 1037, 811
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g106, 10, 4628, 4609, 3398, 1048, 804
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g101, 2, 567849, 489217, 478296, 1240, 101
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g102, 2, 725097, 646465, 631176, 1368, 101
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g103, 2, 1039593, 960961, 943488, 1608, 101
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g109, 2, 1310409, 1128961, 1103760, 4138, 620
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g110, 2, 2838777, 2642893, 2604233, 6520, 954
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g51, 10, 1048, 913, 684, 2, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g53, 8, 5214, 4798, 4528, 5, 0
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g58, 9, 8071, 6665, 6337, 8, 6
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g57, 4, 2410, 2249, 2215, 11, 3
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g52, 2, 31393, 26417, 26005, 20, 0
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g54, 2, 77405, 69297, 68001, 50, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g55, 2, 80465, 71277, 69738, 51, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g56, 2, 81761, 73545, 72206, 58, 2
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g111, 10, 5892, 5873, 4660, 872, 597
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g112, 4, 719168, 605843, 592150, 4561, 809
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g60, 10, 445, 433, 248, 2, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, 10, 445, 433, 248, 2, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g59, 9, 3228, 2700, 2453, 4, 3
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, 9, 3228, 2700, 2453, 7, 5
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, 9, 8071, 6665, 6337, 11, 9
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g62, 2, 81181, 69941, 68885, 66, 2
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g65, 3, 156368, 144179, 141132, 113, 6
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g61, 3, 502153, 346718, 333213, 297, 2
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g63, 7, 1809248, 1464231, 1245432, 1102, 6
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, 10, 740, 730, 533, 11, 8
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g73, 10, 740, 730, 533, 16, 11
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g72, 5, 20143, 16764, 15923, 30, 6
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g66, 3, 79421, 71264, 69420, 57, 3
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, 3, 79421, 71264, 69420, 57, 3
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g70, 3, 73151, 55504, 53906, 69, 4
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g69, 4, 91475, 76999, 75092, 76, 5
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g71, 4, 94405, 79249, 77290, 82, 6
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g67, 2, 120129, 103489, 101178, 93, 7
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g68, 7, 1473345, 1331963, 1247400, 973, 6
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g80, 4, 8466, 7870, 7830, 53, 15
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g74, 2, 85581, 78805, 78082, 98, 6
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g79, 2, 168725, 142149, 139531, 186, 21
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g78, 2, 282765, 260221, 255527, 218, 7
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g82, 3, 371076, 342784, 335712, 343, 19
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, 3, 371076, 342784, 335712, 365, 36
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g81, 3, 371076, 342784, 335712, 394, 36
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g75, 2, 554213, 540057, 537102, 575, 7
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g76, 2, 2579681, 2558361, 2553628, 4143, 8
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g85, 2, 159537, 121729, 119630, 225, 20
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, 2, 159161, 121425, 119332, 229, 20
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g86, 2, 159161, 121425, 119332, 231, 20
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g89, 2, 205305, 165985, 162708, 254, 22
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g91, 4, 177166, 147001, 143287, 383, 75
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g87, 2, 299561, 263265, 258726, 391, 40
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g88, 2, 334157, 297321, 291832, 431, 42
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g83, 2, 413705, 376833, 368640, 470, 37
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g90, 2, 423289, 371801, 363220, 481, 38
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g84, 2, 4468745, 4431873, 4423680, 6108, 22
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g97, 9, 2144, 2126, 2087, 111, 80
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g96, 7, 8730, 8416, 8315, 176, 80
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g98, 8, 6310, 6071, 5917, 175, 108
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g99, 8, 6340, 6098, 5942, 196, 130
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g95, 6, 12979, 12351, 12223, 206, 80
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g92, 4, 191644, 159795, 156108, 397, 95
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g94, 2, 484329, 417361, 408040, 710, 66
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g4, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g40, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g41, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g42, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g43, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g44, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g45, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g46, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g47, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g48, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g49, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g101, 10, 1374226, 1113546, 923237, 2814, 2715
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g102, 10, 3037825, 2613744, 2549586, 4871, 4815
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g109, 10, 3167563, 2566822, 2127765, 8450, 8144
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g58, 10, 3956, 2865, 1814, 5, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g51, 11, 7677, 6068, 4453, 6, 6
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g55, 10, 388600, 343625, 336309, 315, 314
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g54, 10, 626019, 572900, 567570, 492, 490
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g52, 10, 506186, 486739, 484977, 489, 489
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g56, 10, 756473, 696731, 690501, 603, 602
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g57, 7, 265764, 241043, 217259, 708, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g53, 10, 1437668, 1209645, 1174690, 950, 949
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g112, 10, 24354, 19385, 14705, 1427, 985
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, 11, 1482, 1250, 895, 3, 2
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g60, 11, 1482, 1250, 895, 3, 2
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g59, 10, 3135, 2325, 1489, 4, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, 10, 3135, 2325, 1489, 7, 3
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, 10, 3956, 2865, 1814, 8, 3
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g64, 11, 848, 833, 26, 7, 4
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g61, 10, 42569, 26549, 11541, 35, 34
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g65, 10, 453152, 396166, 388139, 298, 296
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g63, 10, 469970, 329418, 220651, 347, 346
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g62, 10, 4703144, 4631393, 4628633, 4922, 4921
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g69, 11, 891, 713, 519, 7, 5
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g71, 11, 1470, 1021, 554, 8, 5
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g73, 11, 1264, 1104, 765, 10, 6
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g68, 11, 534, 523, 0, 11, 7
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g70, 10, 6974, 5284, 3674, 14, 12
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, 11, 1264, 1104, 765, 15, 12
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g72, 10, 4074, 3051, 2190, 21, 19
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g67, 10, 290871, 235709, 195299, 179, 177
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, 10, 707006, 591256, 549609, 421, 420
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g66, 10, 707006, 591256, 549609, 427, 426
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g80, 9, 7663, 5811, 3851, 44, 28
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g79, 10, 752036, 679332, 673918, 522, 517
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g81, 10, 652963, 575454, 564047, 527, 517
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, 10, 652963, 575454, 564047, 575, 565
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g82, 10, 652963, 575454, 564047, 691, 682
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g78, 10, 2912562, 2673311, 2654957, 1885, 1881
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g85, 10, 18379, 12944, 6466, 90, 77
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, 10, 18341, 12916, 6450, 90, 77
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g89, 10, 2376, 2326, 1169, 98, 74
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g86, 10, 18341, 12916, 6450, 133, 121
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g91, 10, 12790, 8634, 5291, 144, 114
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g90, 10, 1395235, 1169926, 1118951, 1365, 1345
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g88, 10, 2609800, 2394623, 2370628, 2028, 2017
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g87, 10, 2603763, 2418443, 2396947, 2103, 2093
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g83, 10, 2699445, 2403040, 2382748, 2169, 2160
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g92, 10, 6129, 4748, 3261, 83, 53
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, 11, 2325, 2314, 96, 114, 73
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g93, 11, 2325, 2314, 96, 125, 83
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g97, 10, 37011, 28167, 21182, 189, 158
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g95, 10, 53544, 41087, 31780, 232, 202
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g96, 10, 84929, 62580, 45371, 259, 229
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g98, 10, 326760, 238661, 171440, 616, 585
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g99, 10, 340987, 245757, 171776, 626, 594
data/largerLV/patterns/g5, data/largerLV/targets/g94, 10, 1125541, 944462, 871877, 1196, 1167
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g50, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g52, 16, 1696005, 1584188, 1477804, 2455, 1770
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g55, 16, 923140, 765878, 624545, 2964, 404
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g58, 17, 1429850, 1181858, 980655, 3795, 174
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g51, 17, 2611780, 2275872, 1964302, 4644, 66
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g57, 14, 2141784, 1882222, 1622132, 6079, 4870
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g54, 16, 3903004, 3366677, 2867487, 7398, 1295
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g64, 19, 7085, 6364, 4688, 21, 16
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g60, 18, 226365, 186264, 147098, 364, 184
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, 18, 226365, 186264, 147098, 517, 317
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g59, 18, 433387, 370460, 314600, 777, 775
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, 18, 433387, 370460, 314600, 790, 789
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g61, 16, 520746, 356301, 254142, 948, 942
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, 17, 1429850, 1181858, 980655, 2279, 83
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g65, 17, 1685443, 1408943, 1160253, 3557, 3451
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g63, 18, 4872594, 3833659, 2835208, 8181, 8179
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g72, 17, 36948, 29103, 20773, 148, 129
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g69, 17, 85729, 62730, 41782, 170, 149
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g73, 18, 189328, 159432, 130676, 473, 181
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, 18, 189328, 159432, 130676, 521, 204
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g71, 17, 775642, 586510, 396543, 1517, 1165
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g70, 17, 1121025, 898357, 672963, 3646, 3623
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, 16, 4165874, 3604923, 3066859, 6689, 21
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g66, 16, 4165874, 3604923, 3066859, 6692, 21
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g80, 16, 532906, 500554, 451696, 8584, 340
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g91, 18, 30456, 26905, 18136, 477, 429
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g92, 18, 17582, 16185, 11399, 223, 151
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g93, 19, 4226, 4104, 1080, 257, 187
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, 19, 4226, 4104, 1080, 299, 187
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g95, 16, 183239, 143040, 106944, 1744, 1308
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g97, 16, 193154, 152593, 105757, 2101, 1886
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g100, 10, 241777, 173692, 155680, 2117, 89
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g99, 16, 878339, 679980, 518902, 5503, 4634
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g98, 16, 876490, 678719, 517827, 5482, 4615
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g6, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g57, 10, 29384, 22293, 17596, 52, 19
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g58, 11, 310092, 263375, 258026, 341, 2
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g52, 13, 440780, 349792, 319249, 406, 42
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g51, 11, 362195, 313511, 307982, 562, 0
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g53, 10, 985543, 832857, 820838, 933, 11
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g55, 11, 2152809, 1829645, 1781961, 2028, 2
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g54, 11, 5058462, 4131095, 4029118, 4109, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g56, 11, 7493675, 6086355, 5920966, 5801, 1
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g64, 20, 841, 821, 91, 6, 3
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g61, 10, 127369, 108905, 105316, 193, 3
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, 11, 310092, 263375, 258026, 267, 2
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g59, 11, 1314011, 1126894, 998647, 827, 575
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, 11, 1314011, 1126894, 998647, 901, 652
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g60, 11, 5995383, 5088984, 4899307, 5029, 2
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, 11, 5995383, 5088984, 4899307, 5038, 2
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g62, 13, 6727034, 5584574, 5194407, 5525, 3
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g65, 11, 11087824, 9624680, 9376032, 8958, 6
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g72, 11, 71675, 60939, 59909, 160, 12
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g70, 10, 701779, 535996, 405094, 568, 362
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g69, 10, 533348, 437891, 420923, 637, 85
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g67, 10, 1677685, 1403552, 1379790, 1399, 5
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g66, 11, 2971559, 2607734, 2544978, 2461, 4
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, 11, 2971559, 2607734, 2544978, 2531, 7
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, 11, 7513576, 6439312, 6209952, 6845, 6
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g73, 11, 7513576, 6439312, 6209952, 7029, 12
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g75, 20, 2627, 2607, 336, 14, 7
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g77, 20, 6361, 6341, 0, 33, 8
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g76, 20, 5158, 5138, 20, 46, 14
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g80, 10, 52948, 41409, 33424, 208, 18
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g79, 11, 2795976, 2191201, 2108368, 3121, 11
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g86, 10, 208520, 161249, 151962, 1014, 21
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g85, 10, 209074, 161691, 152386, 1020, 21
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, 10, 208520, 161249, 151962, 1136, 21
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g89, 10, 305224, 248239, 238596, 1931, 44
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g91, 11, 894072, 717588, 704446, 2989, 81
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, 20, 3254, 3234, 2, 157, 92
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g93, 20, 3254, 3234, 2, 159, 94
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g95, 10, 309959, 241397, 221046, 2199, 302
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g97, 10, 304568, 243130, 223819, 2380, 201
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g96, 10, 520792, 418345, 386089, 2557, 323
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g92, 11, 1032295, 832683, 817058, 3294, 59
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g99, 10, 2591305, 2015701, 1814173, 5647, 2919
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g98, 10, 2590701, 2014639, 1812364, 5686, 2915
data/largerLV/patterns/g7, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g63, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g71, 25, 3475692, 2397747, 1534413, 9191, 356
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g73, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g100, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g8, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g102, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g104, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g105, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g101, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g107, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g109, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g106, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g108, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g110, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g103, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g54, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g58, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g53, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g51, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g55, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g56, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g57, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g52, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g112, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g111, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g63, 36, 150830, 114114, 74977, 369, 6
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g58-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g60-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g61, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g65, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g62, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g60, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g59, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g64, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g59-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g73, 37, 37165, 33473, 18546, 209, 187
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g73-normed, 37, 37165, 33473, 18546, 217, 194
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g66, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g71, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g72, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g69, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g66-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g68, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g67, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g70, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g75, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g80, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g82, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g76, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g82-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g78, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g74, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g77, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g81, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g79, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g87, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g86-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g88, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g89, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g86, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g83, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g84, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g85, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g91, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g90, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g92, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g95, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g96, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g97, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g94, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g99, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g93, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g93-normed, time out
data/largerLV/patterns/g9, data/largerLV/targets/g98, time out
